Maki?
She's just a small fry.
She can't even see curses.
Just an ordinary person
who uses Cursed Tools.
She will forever be a Grade 4.
I don't know why she bothers to be
a Jujutsu Sorcerer.
Break time is over.
Okay.
I see.
I feel a little relieved.
Mai, you fool!
This person…
is crazy strong!
She uses a long weapon.
I want to get closer,
but my hands are full
just dodging her attacks!
If the blade was exposed,
I would have died twice already.
And she's a Grade 4 Jujutsu Sorcerer?
She could probably even defeat
a Grade 2 Curse with ease!
Speaking of which,
how is she swinging her spear
in such a cramped fighting space?
New Shadow Style…
Simple Domain!
An automatic technique that counters
all intruders within a 2.21m radius.
It will be dispelled when both feet leave
the set point of domain expansion.
Also, the Batto Sword Drawing
deals with oncoming enemies.
It covers the blade with cursed energy
and speeds up while in its hilt.
It's New Shadow Style's fastest technique.
Don't think about defeating her with this.
Try to create an opening first!
An Iai sword drawing technique?
She must be hiding something.
Judging from the gap,
she probably wants to disarm
my Cursed Tool to create a flaw.
In that case…
She broke it!
Is she giving up her advantage in reach?
She threw it!
A hidden weapon? What sharp intuition.
She's using bait to close the gap!
My feet have left the set point!
But it's fine.
I'll step back and lure her close…
Aikido? She's knowledgeable!
What?
Your katana sword isn't too bad.
Sword-stealing technique…
Give it back to me.
That kid is really interesting.
Why don't you make her a Grade 2?
I think so too.
But the Zenin Family
keeps getting in my way.
They should just be honest
and acknowledge her skills.
I don't understand relationships
not established on monetary terms.
You haven't changed a bit.
Anyway, the video feed on Yuji
keeps getting disrupted.
Animals are fickle.
And it's tiring to share vision.
Oh, is that so?
Honestly, Mei, which side are you on?
Which side?
I side with money, of course.
Things that can't be measured
with money have no value.
Because it won't turn into money.
How much did he pay you?
I don't know what you're up to,
but Yuji won't be manipulated
so easily now.
Hey!
Something's happening.
A talisman is put
on all Cursed Spirits in the area.
When a Cursed Spirit disappears…
the matching talisman
in the auditorium will also disappear.
Different elimination reactions
are produced
based on the previously
recorded cursed energy.
Elimination by Tokyo School
will ignite a red flame,
while elimination by Kyoto School
will ignite a blue flame.
As Maki is there too,
an elimination
with unrecorded cursed energy
will ignite a red flame as well.
A tie?
Everyone's just not interested
in the game.
Why can't everyone get along?
Because they are like Utahime.
You're the only one
I can't get along with!
By the way, it was Panda
who eliminated the Cursed Spirit.
Come down, you darn witch!
I've done it a few times.
Hurry up and catch me…
First-year!
Her wind of cursed energy
is strong enough to push me back.
It's mixed with gravel
and branches. It hurts!
If I'm careless, I'll get scratches.
What?
How dare you hurt my face.
To men, a scar on the face
is like a medal.
But to women, it's a flaw.
What?
Do you think Jujutsu Sorcerers
are judged based on strength?
Isn't that the case?
That only applies to men.
What?
As a woman,
even if you're strong,
you're looked down on if you're not cute.
Of course, you're looked down on too
if you're cute but weak.
Do you understand?
Female Jujutsu Sorcerers
not only have to be skilled.
We have to be perfect.
On top of that,
Mai has faced discrimination
far beyond your understanding.
I understand…
that you're annoying!
This girl…
She's a first-year,
but she's used to fighting.
She's still standing despite
being knocked down several times.
I'm used to…
being beaten up.
If I increase my power, I could kill her.
No, it's just an excuse.
The real reason
I can't attack with full power…
is because of Inumaki.
Cursed Speech is a cursed technique
that reinforces words with cursed energy.
We just have to protect our brains
and ears with cursed energy.
Cursed Speech is a technique
that deals with Cursed Spirits.
Like I said just now,
since we know
that the opponent will attack,
it's not that scary anymore.
On the other hand, if we don't know
when the opponent will attack,
then we'll keep getting distracted.
Furthermore, I'm not used to using
cursed energy to protect my head.
It's tricky whether he's here or not.
Is your lecture…
over yet?
What people expected from Mai
wasn't simply just perfection.
An elite Jujutsu Sorcerer family
and one of the Three Great Families,
the Zenin Family.
Perfection is expected in the family.
They inherit the cursed technique
passed down by the Zenin Family.
Otherwise,
you'll be an outcast
that will fall behind the rest.
Among those, women aren't even allowed
to stand on the starting line.
"If you're not part of the Zenin Family,
you're not a Jujutsu Sorcerer."
"And if you're not a Jujutsu Sorcerer,
you're not a human."
They have to serve that nasty family
despite being despised their entire lives.
In order to achieve the life
we took for granted,
did you know the hardships
Mai and the others went through?
Why don't you use that brain,
who thinks of a curse as an ally,
to think about it?
You're so noisy.
You think every misfortunate people
deserve forgiveness?
Then what?
Just because someone is fortunate,
they deserve to be ridiculed?
That's the reason why Saori…
Regardless of her upbringing,
I just don't like her.
Despite their similar upbringing,
I love Maki.
Let me ask you.
Have you guys ever thought about
that fool of a human
you were going to curse?
Why am I obliged to respond
to "perfection" or "unreasonable"?
Is your life just a job?
Straw Doll Technique…
Hairpin!
So this is why
she kept throwing and missing nails!
Even if I lower my height,
you still can't reach me, right?
No, I reached you!
This is enough!
Did she just grab one of the bristles
from my broom?
Who cares about the difference
between boys and girls?
Just do whatever you want!
I like myself the most
when I dress up beautifully.
And I like myself
when I try to become strong!
I am…
Nobara Kugisaki!
I can't control my broom.
If I hit her with my hammer,
I might end up killing her.
If so…
What?
A toy hammer?
One more hit!
It's barely within the effective range.
Great.
She got hit.
Hello, Momo.
She's fine. It's just a rubber bullet.
Anyway, that light just now…
That was Ultimate Cannon, right?
But I can't reach Mechamaru.
If he's forced to use it,
then he might be out of the competition.
I guess Panda will be back soon.
Get out of there
and support everyone from the skies.
Without you, we're doomed.
Okay.
Mai, I…
It's okay, Momo.
I understand.
Okay.
What's this?
Aren't you going to call for backup?
I'm okay with fighting two opponents.
Everyone has a different
kind of enjoyment, right?
Compared to everyone
working together to defeat you,
I prefer to enjoy the fun of…
defeating you myself.
Call me "Big Sister,"
my younger sister.
What do you think of Maki?
It feels like my answer
is going to be wrong no matter what.
She's a very outstanding woman.
What? I meant her as a Jujutsu Sorcerer.
Oh, you mean that? I'm relieved.
To be honest,
I don't know much about Jujutsu,
but she can fight very well.
Maybe because of her poise?
The way she walks is excellent.
Maki is only a Grade 4.
What? Are you serious?
She's from a troublesome
Jujutsu Sorcerer family.
She sort of expelled herself
from her family,
so they are interfering in her promotion.
As a family of Jujutsu Sorcerers,
wouldn't they welcome
someone strong like her?
They won't acknowledge people
who were denied before.
Because they are fools.
But if Maki does well
in the Goodwill Event
and her reputation spreads,
it will be harder for others
to suppress her.
For this reason,
we must first win the team battle.
You better put
your life on the line again!
Yes.
I heard it.
Gosh.
Don't think about nonsense.
What's…
so funny?
So what if you can hide in my blind spot?
Trying to distance yourself from me?
Are you an idiot?
Down there?
I knew.
Maki has the talent I lack.
Have you heard?
About Ogi's daughters.
One of them not only
doesn't have cursed techniques,
she can't even see curses.
Are twins really a bad omen?
Maybe it's better this way.
She wouldn't even be noticed
since she'll serve the eldest son.
Mai.
What's wrong? Hurry up.
-I don't want to.
-What's the matter?
You'll get scolded again if you're late.
There's something over there.
Again?
Guess there's no choice.
Not at home…
Come on. Close your eyes.
What?
If you can't see it,
then it doesn't exist.
You seemed fearless since childhood.
You stride towards the future.
I hated you.
Are you leaving this house, Maki?
There are plenty of people doing chores.
Don't worry. I'll be back soon, Master.
Why bother coming back?
I'll become the head of the Zenin Family!
Then I'll put you to the test.
As you wish.
Mai is no exception.
This has nothing to do with her.
Liar.
I hate you!
You've fired your sixth bullet.
I won't let you reload!
I…
hate you!
So…
Whether it's my first love
or my cursed technique…
I'll never tell you!
Construction.
It allows one to construct something
from scratch using cursed energy.
Unlike creating objects
within a Domain Expansion,
things that are constructed by
this technique
will not disappear
after the technique is finished.
On top of that, it consumes
an immense amount of cursed energy.
It puts a huge strain on the user's body.
Mai can only construct one bullet a day.
As a distraction,
she uses a revolver,
which obviously contains six bullets.
It's my victory.
She caught the bullet with her hand?
This hurts…
I shouldn't grab it with my hand.
Maki has the talent I lack.
Just like Mechamaru,
perhaps it's a reverse form
of Heavenly Restriction.
You're supposed to be born
with a cursed technique,
but in return, you received
superhuman physical abilities.
A talent rejected by the Zenin Family…
And a talent…
that I lack.
It's obvious who's the winner, right?
Why did you run away from home?
What?
You know that, don't you?
You came to Jujutsu High too.
I…
I never wanted to be a Jujutsu Sorcerer!
It's all your fault!
Because you worked hard,
I had to work hard too!
I don't want to work hard,
suffer, or be afraid anymore!
What's wrong with being a servant at home?
Just do odd jobs and live casually!
Why didn't you fall down with me?
If I do that…
I would grow to hate myself.
That's all.
I'm sorry.
Don't let go, Maki.
I won't let go.
You must not let go.
You're annoying.
You can't leave me behind, okay?
Of course.
We're sisters.
Liar.
I hate you.
KYOTO SISTER-SCHOOL GOODWILL EVENT
TEAM BATTLE
MAI ZENIN AND NOBARA KUGISAKI WITHDRAW
-Juju Stroll.
I'm hungry.
I think there are edamame leftovers
from the day in the fridge.
What?
Sorry.
Can you be more sincere?
Here. Don't be angry.
No, thanks. It's not good to eat
cup noodles at midnight.
Try this then!
Nishimiya-style seafood cup noodles!
First, cut the chili into flakes
and add them to the seafood cup noodles.
Second, pour milk
into about half of the container.
Third, pour water
until the inner dotted line.
As milk is added,
hot boiling water is needed.
It's delicious!
-This is delicious!
-I know, right?
Maybe I'll try it next time, too.
Since it's so delicious,
you should have just eaten this instead.
No, I'll feel miserable the next day
if I eat cup noodles at midnight.
I agree.